[DOC][FIX] fix  figure / plotting function in doc table (#5366)
nilearn/nilearn: doc/maintenance.rst

Ideally, these would have been done before such as to update the code base if necessary.
Finally, make sure the documentation can be built correctly.

Prepare the documentation for the release
-----------------------------------------

> In several places the user guide rely on figure generated in the examples for illustration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In several places the user guide relies on figures generated in the examples for illustration.
```

> If the examples are modified and that an expected figure is not created anymore

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the examples are modified, and an expected figure is not created anymore
```
